README.md, before:

# tfm_flutter_flame_narrative_videogame
TFM about Flutter Flame in Narrative Videogames


dart run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs



intro no piano Music by Relaxing <a href="https://pixabay.com/es/users/music_for_videos-26992513/?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=145038">Oleg Kirilkov</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com/music//?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=145038">Pixabay</a>



Cancion piano  Piano Moment
Music by <a href="https://pixabay.com/es/users/daddy_s_music-22836301/?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=9835">Zakhar Valaha</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com//?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=9835">Pixabay</a>


https://create.pixelcut.ai/upscaler para mejorar las imagenes del comic
https://www.iloveimg.com/es/comprimir-imagen/comprimir-png para comprimir las imagenes generadas por la ia

Commit message:

Added music and episode generator

README.md, after:

# tfm_flutter_flame_narrative_videogame
TFM about Flutter Flame in Narrative Videogames



dart run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs


 Christmas Stars by Michael Ramir C. 
 Lazy Afternoon by Michael Ramir C. 

 Music by <a href="https://pixabay.com/es/users/vitaliy_hryshko-27814503/?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=113607">Vitaliy_Hryshko</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com//?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=113607">Pixabay</a>

intro no piano Music by Relaxing <a href="https://pixabay.com/es/users/music_for_videos-26992513/?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=145038">Oleg Kirilkov</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com/music//?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=145038">Pixabay</a>



Cancion piano  Piano Moment
Music by <a href="https://pixabay.com/es/users/daddy_s_music-22836301/?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=9835">Zakhar Valaha</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com//?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=9835">Pixabay</a>


https://create.pixelcut.ai/upscaler para mejorar las imagenes del comic
https://www.iloveimg.com/es/comprimir-imagen/comprimir-png para comprimir las imagenes generadas por la ia
